Dr. Hou
I have invited the doctor's closed disciple
Healing my daughter
The closed disciples of the doctor you mentioned are not necessarily
It's him, he can do it for your daughter like this
Uncle Wang Shuting
Are you blind?
Don't believe me believe him
How stupid are you?
Who says it has to be toxic?
Wang Shuting, don't be deceived by him
I want your daughter to survive.
The only way is to count immediately
No surgery necessary
You can cure him with Xuanmen Jiuzhen
Xuanmen Jiuzhen
It's not a charlatan. What is it?
I'm the attending.
Can let a liar kill my patient
You get out of here now
Don't slander if you don't understand
Traditional Chinese Medicine is extensive and profound
How can you fully understand
Jacky Cheung
That learns to die